It's difficult to come up and
be excited and be a part of the
kids, but I absolutely loved it.
And so if you brought kids,
grandkids, thank you so much.
Um, I know they enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
It gave me energy and your refreshes, BMC
kids have fun and, uh, be able to learn a
little bit more about Jesus, um, and get
excited about serving their community.
So one, the things I want to share
with you briefly, before we start
here is our church is dedicated.
To inspire and our safety.
One of the ways that we do
that is through service.
If you guys want to know kind of how
we do that, we'd love to be able to
our strategy, to fulfill our mission.
You guys heard our mission earlier, right.
Is to inspire hope by helping people
discover God's purpose for the live
through relationship with Jesus.
And how do we fulfill that?
It's by following Jesus, live in a
community, serving those rounders
and expanding God's kingdom.
And so what are the highlights of
our churches to serve our community?
We do that by financial
giving, but we also do that by
serving, having vacation Bible.
Once a month, we actually
don't have a service and we go
out and serve our community.
We're really dedicated to serving our
community because we love our community.
So that's why I associate that with TBC.
You guys knew who we were our heart,
but one of the things I was preparing a
message this week for today was this is,
Hey, w what, what are you gonna preach on?
Um, and one of the things that I
learned alongside your kids is that
we are God's workmanship created
for good works that God prepared
ahead of time as efficience to.
And so decided the, Hey, why not
take, um, the patient's texts,
Ephesians one, or it's patient
chapter two verses one through 10
and walk to that and reach that.
So that's what we're going to be doing.
You have your Bibles, right?
If you don't, you can look
up here on the screen.
I believe there's going to be
a text behind me, my courage.
And I encourage this, every school
that I get the opportunity to, if
you don't have a Bible, let me know.
I'm gonna give you one number two.
You don't want to carry a Bible around,
which rarely do I know my past, but
rarely do I carry my Bible around
because it's like, I forget about.
So I get it on my phone.
So go to your phone, go to the
app store, download the holy
Bible app or the universal Bible.
The same thing.
It's a great app to be able to bring the
word of God with you, wherever you go.
So you can pull that up.
But I want to start with this.
I like asking questions to get
you guys a little bit engaged.
So I want to ask this question.
Do you guys believe that God
has planned for your life?
And if you do, if you believe God
has a plan for your life and what
you're reaching and you believe
that God has planned for your life.
Okay.
So the majority of us believe
that God has a plan for life.
Now here's the challenge.
If you believe that God has a plan for
your life, do you know the next step that
you need to take to follow that plan?
Raise your hand.
Do you know the next step you
need to take to follow that plane?
See, I expected a lot less hands.
I really did.
And some of you raised your
getting up so glad of that.
And here's the reason why I think, and
I believe most of you were lightening.
That's probably a good thing because
we're all in the same crowd, right?
I think sometimes we try
to separate yourselves.
We're broken people that are
constantly searching why we were here.
What we're designed to do
what God's called us to do.
And so, because of we're searching
and we're searching and searching.
So start thinking about this thing.
We will never get where
God's calling us to go.
We don't know where we are.
I'll say that again.
We'll never get where
God's calling us to go.
If we don't know where
we are, y'all know this.
You ever gotten anywhere with
your phone and you're lost and
Internet's not working, which means
you can't use no clue what you're
doing, because you have no clue.
You don't know how to get
to where you're going on.
Because you don't know where you are.
Give me a better one.
For those, those of you who probably
know the malls before they had
probably, you know, apps to show you
where the things were, but you go in
the mall and there's that map there.
And it says you are here.
The moment you find out where you
are, if you want to go get sneakers
and Reebok, you know, the point at
which you can go get shoes and Reebok.
Right.
That's what we understand.
That that makes sense.
So I'll go back to the statement.
Many of us know the guy has.
Any of us are pursuing things to try to
discover why we're creating what we're
supposed to do, but we don't know how to
get there because he knows where we are.
So today let's walk through this
text in Ephesians, it's going to talk
about our conditions before we come to
Christ our condition and how we come to
Christ and what God has called us to.
So once we recognize where
we are today, every one of us
I'll guarantee even myself as.
I can identify with one of the examples
here today, about where I'm in the
money and we can all be challenged
to get next step in that goal.
But every one of us would walk
out here with the next step.
I love coming to messages where I
thought, Hey, this meant something.
So that's my goal today is to be
able to do that through God's word.
So what's your, just a couple of things.
I believe that as the writer of this book
is Ephesians of efficiencies is Paul,
the apostle he's writing to the church in
emphasis, and here's some statements that
he really is going to share with them.
He's going to remind us where we have come
from and what God has called us to all of
a sudden living somewhere in the middle.
And so we're going to find this, that
what we were created for and learn what
we were, what we were created for and
what we were for to be what our life's
work for price, how we were able to come
to Christ and then our purpose in Christ.
And so really what do
we need to look at this?
This is a picture of our testimony
and a testimony is just how
God has worked in our lives.
So let's jump into tech so I can kind of
get you guys included in this, but we're
going to go through, so Ephesians chapter.
Starting in verse one, it says this in
and you were dead in your trespasses
and sins in which you previously lived.
According to the ways of this
world, according to the ruler of
the power of the air in the spirit.
Now working in the disobedient, we to
all previously lived among them in our
fleshly dissenters, carrying out the
inclinations of our flesh and thoughts.
And we were by nature children
under wrath as others, or also, but.
Who is rich in mercy because of
his great love that he had for
us made us alive with Christ.
Even though we were dead in our
trespasses, you are saved by grace.
He also raised him up and raised us
up with him and seated us with him in
heaven and the heavens in Christ Jesus.
So that in the coming ages, he might
display the immeasurable riches of his
race through the kindness to us in Christ.
Jesus for you are saved
by grace through faith.
And this is not like yourself.
It is a God's gift, not for the
work so that no one can boast for.
We are his workmanship created
in Christ Jesus for good works,
which God prepared at a time.
Let's stop and pray.
Lord Jesus.
We thank you for who you are
and how you brought it to one
of us here today in the world.
I know this that every one of
us were meant to be hearing.
And so Lord, I just think you're a
general person, Lord, open their hearts
and minds to what you have to say.
All of us will be transformed to take a
next step, whatever that is, the mortgage,
the conversation that they can start.
Maybe it's a step closer
to their faith in you.
Maybe it's a step in a direction,
Lord, this is a big step of faith.
I don't know what it is, but you do.
And I pray that you reveal that to them.
Each one of us, including myself and
the word apprentice in your handling.
So the first thing we're going
to see is that our tests.
Consist of the first thing, our
spiritual condition before crops.
This is what we're going to see
here in this first couple of verses.
So to truly understand who
we are in Christ, we have to
recognize what were before him.
So let me just make this statement a
little bit more, to be as clear as I can.
If you haven't given your mind to Christ,
this still applies to all of us, right?
If you've given your life to Christ, you
know what you've worked with cross that
you've had given electric rise, you know
what your conditioning is roast, and
here's the things we're all in the same.
Knowing that we need to take
a next step in our field.
So the first day of realizing
this first verse, it's our
spiritual condition before Christ.
We were dead.
It's clear here, right?
It says you were dead in your trespasses.
And since this is an
easy one for me, right?
Not dead physically, because
if I was looking in this
room, you guys are breathing.
Good news.
You a lot of man.
I'm so glad that I don't
want that on my record.
So please leaps.
But here's what he's talking
about to be spiritually.
So, what does it mean to be spiritual?
Again, it's the same characteristics as
to be physically, so physically dead.
You have no clue you haven't experienced
this, but you have seen some way
because we did probably, they don't
know what's happening around them.
They don't understand your condition
because they're not the only people
that do is that know that they're dead.
Right.
But that person who is physically dead
does not understand the condition.
That person who is spiritually dead,
does not fully understand that.
So the only person that can
come to wise spiritually is
that Jesus referred to his dad.
And we're going to talk more
about, see God draws people.
And today God's doing that here in this
room and you drawing people to come from
death spiritually to life spiritually.
So here's the question.
What caused that debt?
Well, it says, it clearly says our
trespasses, incense, what is a sin?
And I shared this with a kid,
as soon as anything we think.
Don't do the displays and stuff.
Thanks.
Hey, don't you, so you
can say it this way.
It's missing tomorrow, right?
Here's another one, man.
I'd love to be able to share it this way,
because I think it helps when we sin.
And this is believers when we
sin, it's not God's best for us.
I asked the question a lot.
Do you want to raise hands?
Do you want God's best frame prints
are the majority of what God's best
for us, but we choose the second.
And again, it's not, God's sitting here
saying, oh man, yo, I don't like you.
I hate you.
What'd he say to actually
have something more for you?
So when we live in our sense of trespass
is we are not experiencing God's best.
So we were dead.
But the second thing, our spiritual
condition before Christ was that we were
disobedient to see this in verses two and
three, let's read verses two and three.
It says, I'll read verse one with it.
It says then you were dead in
your trespasses and sins in, would
you previously live in a wasted.
According to the ruler of the
power of the mirror in the spirit.
Now working in the disobedient, do all
previously live the moment and flush
things are as almost stopped, right?
There is we understand that we were
obviously disobedient right in that,
that makes sense, because we all,
probably, if you're in this room,
you brought kids or grandkids.
We have kids that do things wrong.
We understand what the service needs
is not listening to the parents, but
there's three things that encourage
this disobedience specifically to
spiritual, spiritual disobedience.
And he talks about this.
He says first the three things they
encourage our disobedience is the
world, the pressures to conform to
the values and attitudes of the world.
I just take it as the world at times
is leading us in the wrong direction,
away from a guy that's just time away
for what God's best is for our lives.
Number two, he talks about beginning.
What all parents do is the devil.
He influences will leavers and unbelievers
with wise believers and been the enemy is
here to steal, kill, and destroy anything.
Well, how do we know this?
What's a great example.
How many, we're the first ones
to experience the enemy, seeing
that they could eat the fruit.
That was not right, but how many can
go a little bit further with this?
They can take up this artist
statement that the enemy you would
think once to just kill people,
why he wants to destroy people.
Ultimately, the community's best
tactic is to distract because
you're more valuable to him
physically alive spirits instructor.
I'll say that again.
He's ready to attack.
It's not destroying, but it's distracting
because if he's distracting you and you're
not accomplishing God's plan for him.
So sometimes I think we think that
the devil's going to come out and
meeting's going to come out and
he's going to be very noticeable.
Typically, he's going to look very similar
to those things around, but he's going to
distract you from what God's calling you.
How do we know what God's called us to do?
The word of God gives us clearly
what God's called us to do.
Number one is love
throwing heart and soul.
It's a love your neighbors yourself.
I think those are two great
things that God's called us to
do that kind of covers the duty.
But why aren't we thinking about this?
He also talks about the third thing that
causes us to encourage us to do so is
the flesh meaning what is the flesh?
It's our fallen nature that we're
born with that wants to disobey God.
Every person in this room has fleshly
desires that pulls them away from God.
Every one of us, it's our
ancient great example.
Anybody been around, you know, wow.
Especially with what my surname was about.
Natural desire is to be greater, right?
That's their natural desire.
What our natural desire is to be selfish.
So a lot of times when we talk
about sin, we talk about that.
We have my home, it's me.
And it's you, it's all of us.
There's not a person who's grieving that
has not said every one of us has said.
So we're all in the same condition.
We're all in the same place.
And so you ever wonder
at times why we choose.
I know I asked that question why at times,
and when I choose wrong, when I know it's
smaller, I know it's, , it's our major.
And here's the thing.
As a believer, God has given us
the spirit of God to help guide
us, to choose against that nature.
But as an unbeliever, we
haven't got the opportunity.
You haven't got the opportunity
to have the gut guide.
You're looking to protect
you from the nature.
So we continued on the next thing, right?
It talks about that.
We were doing in chambers three
diverse universe, three systems.
We do all take us and lived among them
and our fleshly desires, carrying out the
declination nations and flushing thoughts.
And we were by nature children under
wrath, as others were also here
is a difficult part of the text.
He says your children on your breath.
Short-stay before we come to
Christ, we are children of Daniel.
Oh, man, that sounds so horrible.
Here's think he's using those
who don't know Christ to be able
to distract a role from Christ.
So we, before coming to price our
children under the heading in, it's
difficult to hear that it's hard to grasp.
And so we are headed towards judgment that
we cannot change, but God is not done.
That's the part that I love about this
at some point, all of us understand
is that everyone was just room, Mrs.
. Every one of them.
Struggles with something we all have had
stayed in my life and struggle with that.
So this is what I love
about church church.
Isn't about separation church is about,
Hey, we come together because we are
broken and we need each other to seek
God's word, to find out what God's called
us to do and recognize her condition.
Cause here's the thing truth be told.
So, you know, as a pastor there's
days, I come in here on Sundays and
I'm broken and you know what I mean?
What do you mean.
and that's not, maybe that's just me
recognizing, because we don't recognize at
church not to come to the perfect.
To answer questions.
And sometimes we're not
going to come to conclusions.
There's days that I walk in here
and you're not going to get the
answer that you need, and we're
going to walk alongside you.
You're going to walk alongside me to help
discover natural because it is a process.
It's a journey.
And that's the thing that I love about
this church and about what we're seeing
here are conditioned before us, right?
Our test participants, is there
a condition before Christ, but
here's the beautiful thing.
God, didn't leave us here.
Part of our testimony, he says our
spiritual transformation through.
So let's look at verse four, he says,
but God, until you understand what this,
that is not to teas, this is not sorry.
I know that sounds bad, but
that's something that they kind
of say, but God, but it's not.
But he says, look, I've been stuck.
Everything stops, stop.
God is not gonna leave
you in that condition.
Your spirit tradition before Christ.
He says, I love you too
much to leave you there.
So he stops everything and
he says, you don't have.
Let's continue on, but God who
is rich in mercy because of his
great love that he has for us.
This focus now turns from us to Christ.
It puts the art condition on his back.
Here's four things that God did for
us or things that God did for us.
Number one, he loves us.
We sold that first port.
God's love is translated
to us in grace and mercy.
He loved us first by giving us mercy.
So what is mercy?
It's not giving us.
Not giving us what we deserve.
Right?
What do we deserve?
Because we've said we're
separated from God.
We deserve.
And in terms of immigration from
him, that's what we deserve.
But God said, I'm not going to
give you that condition because I
love, so let me ask this question.
Anybody ever had a parent, they had
every right to punish you for something
you did, but they chose to withhold it.
Anybody, maybe your parent never, that.
Let me, let me just step a little bit
further, get rid of had somebody, a
police officer pull you over, maybe
in Hamilton, they pull you over.
They had every right to give you to take
it because you're going five over 10 over.
You're not wearing your seatbelt,
your lights out, whatever it is, they
have every right to give you a ticket.
And then she not to, you know
what that's called Marcy.
So God had every right to pour out
and punishment on us because we sin.
But he chose not to because
that's how loving God is.
He wants to extend.
Every single time that I've chosen to get
my kids mercy it's because I love them.
And I want them to see that love and
then appreciate my love for them so much
that they'll choose to not necessarily
they'll choose to listen to what I say.
And I'll let you know this as a parent,
every single time that I tell my children
not to do something is to protect them.
How loving is a God that
wants to protect you.
He's wanting to protect you
from sin, not your best.
He wants to give you what is.
So whenever you see these, these things
like, oh man, God doesn't love me.
He just wants the judge
to know all of us so much.
So the next thing we see as a
spiritual transformation through
Christ, again, four things that guy
did, he loved us and he made us alive.
Right.
He made us alive, got on
when she was mercy, but he
extends verse this verse five.
He says this, he says ma um, I'll kind
of go with foreign life, but God who is
rich in mercy because of his great love.
Made us alive with Christ,
even though we were dead in our
trespasses, you are saved by grace.
So we not only since mercy,
but he extends grace race is
giving us what we don't deserve.
There's times.
I'm just telling you this there's times
my kids have acted horrible urine today.
Not looking at my child over there.
You know, sometimes we do, we give
them breaks and we go get ice cream.
They don't deserve ice cream.
They don't, but we love them so much.
There's times where we give them what they
don't deserve, because we love so God,
rather than to say, Hey, you've sinned.
I'm done with you.
He says, no.
And I'm extending grace
by extending grace.
We had the ability to be saved.
I say, listen to this, this critical
piece that I wrote out here, I want
to make sure I got this word mercy.
And grace came to us because
Jesus took the punishment of our
sins and gave up what he gave
us, which is life just gave up.
So that we can have spiritual need,
want to follow a God who loves him so
much that he would take my place, that I
deserved the punishment and give me life.
I remember thinking about this there's
moments whenever my dad would punish me.
And again, well-deserved, and
I'd be sitting there because
he'd say go in the other room,
I'll be in there just a minute.
And man, all that, Amston
just worry about that.
What's going to happen.
We don't have to worry about that
anymore because God so loves us
that he's given us grace and mercy.
We don't have to fear punishment anymore
because of what God's done for us.
So again, he made us our spiritual
transformation through Christ.
The next thing he did is he exalted us
at verse six, verse six, says this, and
he also raises up with him and seated us
with him in the heavens in Christ Jesus.
So we have been brought back to life
and placed an honor, not just brought
back to life and just made mediocre.
He has.
You didn't have in our position
has changed from children of
the enemy to children of God.
We are now alive because
of what Jesus did.
And the next couple of
verses, he talks about that.
He keeps us so verse seven says this.
It says, so that in the coming
ages, he might display his
immeasurable riches of grace through
his kindness to us in Christ.
God's purpose in our salvation is
more than record rescue us from hell.
I want to be as clear as I can be
so many times at times we'll accept
Jesus and we think we're good.
I'm good.
It's all about me, but God
saved you for the purpose.
So go back to what I said, minibus
one, or know where, you know what
you're creating designed by God.
So we talked about this
week with a purpose.
Yes.
Every one of us.
And this is what he's saying here.
He wants to show the surpassing
riches of this world.
And kindness to us and everybody
that we come in contact with.
He wants everyone to know.
So God didn't just save you for you.
He saved you for everyone so that you
could be on display to those around us.
Our life is purposeful and want you
to know that your life has purpose.
No matter what you've done in the
past, God can redeem that and use
that or others to come to know him.
And to know God personally, I was
challenged with this statement.
There's someone waiting on the
other side, your openings or
your yes, to take that next step.
And when you take that next
step and minds will be changed.
That's why we do what we do as a church.
Lies will be changed because we know that.
So he talks about a verse seven.
You are saved by grace through
faith, and this is not of yourself.
It's God's gift saved by grace
means salvation apart from any
merit or work what's on our report.
Our salvation is a gift, not a reward.
And let me just clarify.
Our salvation is a gift number.
The word reward is for doing something.
Salvation is a gift for what he did.
I'm reminded every time.
When I think about a gift, the gift that
is given to us was it given freely to us?
What does he really like willingly?
And when we receive that gift, we open it
up and we receive salvation relationship
with God and it turned into heaven.
He gave it not to be kept, but to be.
That gift that God has given
you is meant to be given away
because you were the Bible.
So our make our faith, and I want to
be clear that this, our faith was not
a means by which we received grace.
Instead.
Grace was a means.
Okay.
And what is faith?
Faith is complete trust and competence
in what Jesus did on the cross.
So verse nine, he says this not
from work so that no one can vote.
Right?
He says, this salvation that
we received is not from works.
So no one can.
The biggest thing with this is
why did God choose to save us
without us having to work for it?
Because it's not about us.
It's not about what, what
we bring to the table.
I think so many times we think if
we just do 51% good, that's when
God saves us and sends us the head.
We're good.
No, he says I don't want, that's
not, that's not a matter to me.
It's not by good works.
God wants the glory.
That's God's gift to us.
So I know some of you may be
saying, are we almost done?
Yes, we're almost done.
Okay.
That's good.
We're on that.
You talking about versus one verse
10, we're on the verse that we
learned this week for the kids.
And I want to read this
verse to you in verse 10.
Is this for, we are his workmanship
created in Christ Jesus for
good works, which God prepared
ahead of time for us to do.
I want to translate the
word workmanship for you.
There's a couple of versions.
As you begin to look at this,
the word workmanship can be
changed into masterpiece.
Another way to describe it.
So we are God's masterpiece,
somebody named a famous.
Some of the story.
Now, last one more Mona Lisa, right?
These are all famous masterpieces and
they take time and they're very, very
valuable when you change that word.
We're God's workmanship, but
we are God's masterpiece.
Oh my gosh.
That changes everything
because God views you as a man.
And most of those masterpieces that
we list, there's no value to get
them because they are so diagonal
that you can't even put a price.
Plus, that's a lovely,
we are his masterpiece.
We can't miss your, his greatest ration.
God has done all the work in ethic
continues to work in us to turn
us into more of this masterpiece.
How does God make a masterpiece?
By growing us up to know more and more
like him at the end of the, our lives.
Our masterpiece turns
into the image of price.
We reflect who Christ is.
And that's when we know that we have
complete masterpiece that he has for us.
What does he use to make
us into that masterpiece?
He uses his word.
He uses prayer.
He uses the gospel, the good
news of Christ to change our
lives and uses mercy race.
There's something that I want to mention.
And I think this is a tough one.
You know what God sometimes
uses, who uses suffering?
Why would God have you.
I guess here's the other
thing I was looking for.
If you don't have a relationship with
chronic suffering as a setback, because
apart from Christ, we're living this life.
And if this life ends quick because of
suffering, then I have not succeeded
because success is to make a dollar
101, I don't know, somebody told me
that success is to make the wonder hut.
You know, you make all the money,
you can get all the things you can
that success this side of heaven.
But when suffering comes in, when setbacks
come in, you're set off track, but.
God's world suffering can be redeemed.
Suffering can be used to no God
wanting to paint them on guidance.
Seen this.
This is what I would say.
We are designed by God.
Another one of those kbps versus
we're designed by God, not at the
school, but for the polar cap.
So our suffering, it can bring
honor him and really wise, and
also a closer relationship to him.
We've seen that in our church
through so many people were
suffering is not a setback.
You know, what's part of the purpose.
So God only works in us, but he
wants to work through us, right?
So he created us unto good works.
And it says this at the back part
of that verse, he says, we created
this impress Jesus for good works,
which he prepared ahead of time.
John Tom in the state, he says it
is faith alone with justifies, which
means it gives you your space along.
It makes you allows you to
be safe, but that day that
justifies can never be alone.
This means we need to be workers.
We need to go and shine
the light of Jesus.
So our good works are a
testimony to the world.
So I want to end with this, these 10
verses our picture of our texts, right?
It's a picture of our Testament.
Some of us like the experience, know
if you're like the four price, tell
me to price and your like, impress,
which means those of you raised
your hand and said, you know what?
God's called you to do your
purpose of what your next step is.
You know that, but for some of us
we'll somewhere on our last, before
promised it would came to practical.
We have not been living in.
But we've been living on her fate, but
we don't know where our next step is.
What do we do?
How do we take that next step?
I want to share this with you.
I want you to think through
this, everybody here has a stuff.
Maybe again, you, haven't given your a
to cross and you realized that you need
to, but that's something I can give
you the light that God is cultural.
You can do that.
Maybe you are in this room and you
have given out the price and you
know that you just haven't been
living out the purpose of the gospel.
That's part of our church's mission
is to help you take that next step.
Maybe you're living your life
completely out of the cross.
There are no next step to take
that's a lot because you can
teach others to take, you'd be a
part of helping to change those.
So I challenge you with this thing
and I want to, I want to finish, I
know you guys probably wondering,
what am I going to finish here?
I ask these two questions.
Do you believe that God has a
plan for the majority, majority
of the raise your hand, but do you
know how to take that next step?
The only way have lots of Genix days.
If you asked them to save you or to
call you or to give you a church,
body, or somebody to come alongside
you and encourage you and your faith.
And I want you to know that's our church.
We want to help you take that next step.
That's why we have something
called the next steps table.
We're here to walk alongside
here's the, you're a church member.
You're part of inspiring hope.
Ready?
You have a next step to too many times.
We sit here and look around,
but it's us too, including your.
But I'm going to ask you this question.
What's my stick step of faith.
I want to, I want to finish
with this and this is my thing.
I really want you guys, as you get your
hearts ready, and we're going to have
something called invitation invitation.
It's just an opportunity to respond to
what God's taught us in the word today.
There's no forced response in this.
This is something I just want to
be able to have you guys focus.
And so if you don't mind, just
close your eyes to be able to focus.
As I share a few things with you
to consider about what God may
call you to do, what steps you can.
Um, and again, this is nothing that we're
here to pressure you to do, but more as
an opportunity for everybody in this room.
Here's what I know is that God desires
to know simple enough if you're
in this room and you've already
got you, don't like the price.
I want you to know this.
God is ours for you to
know
him more, more than what you came
into this room and experienced.
So as started thinking about
what next steps can I take for
some of us that needs to be.
Uh, giving our lives to Jesus.
If you're unsure, if you've given
your life to Jesus or maybe know
you have to give your life to Jesus,
but you need to make that next
step, you need to say yes to Jesus.
Do you know that you can do that today?
You can do that today.
Why were you sitting in,
put your faith in him?
And you could never look back
to that past life, right?
That past life where you have been
living for yourself, you've been
living as a human needs to God, God
desires for you to have what's best,
which is the relationship with him.
Here's what the Bible.
If you'll confess your sins to God,
ask for forgiveness and recognize
Jesus as the Lord of your life
and give your life to him in line.
And you believe in your heart, that
Jesus was raised from the dead.
You'll be saved.
It says that in the Bible, it's
not about how good you are, but
it's really about how good God
is by giving me grace and mercy.
So here's what I want to challenge again.
I want to do this because I
want to encourage everybody
as an opportunity to respond.
If you do have your eyes closed.
If you would like to give your
life to Christ, there's nobody.
That's going to make fun of you.
But I would like to just be able
to pray for you and encourage you
and walk you through what that
means to give your life to price.
So if you would like to give your life
to Christ, you raise your hand that
recognize your need for Christ, and
then we can pray together as a church
and you can accept Christ together.
So if you want to give your life
depression, raise your hand again.
Nobody's going to come over.
And Brittany said, we're just
going to lead you through a prayer.
Be able to talk to you about what that
means and talk to you after service.
so I want to pray with everyone.
Here's what I would like to do.
You can keep your eyes closed.
I want you guys to pray alongside things.
There's probably somebody in this
room it's difficult at times to be
bold with your faith, but you know,
you need to give your life to Jesus.
I want to lead you through a prayer.
And just so you know, I want
to be as clear as possible.
This is the type of pastor that.
Praying a prayer.
Never say unless you mean when she beat,
but I still won't lead you to repair it.
So I want you to know what it means to
be able to give your life to Christ.
So what power would like to do this
is our whole church in this room.
We'll pray.
So as I say, words, I would love for every
one of you to say words out loud with me.
Maybe you have a good bullet.
This is the person next to
them to be able to pray boldly,
to give their lives to you.
So please pray alongside.
So everyone with me, let's pray.
Say, dear Jesus, I
recognize that I'm a sinner.
Please forgive, come into
my life and changing.
I believe you've died for my sins and rose
again, I give you my life in Jesus name.
I want everybody to look it up here.
I want to encourage you with this.
If you prayed that prayer
today, and you gave your life to
Jesus, please understand this.
God has never called you
to live your faith out of.
I want to be as clear as possible if
you prayed and you believe that God
is safe, do not leave today before
you combined right after service.
I want to stand over here
and I to go get your kids.
I'm going to be over there to come
talk to me and say, Hey, I prayed.
We want to walk alongside you.
This is not something that we
want to walk through it alone.
We are a community, the loveseat.
And so, you know, this,
we love your children.
We love you.
And you say, Hey, how do you even
know that he's got associates or
right here in a school in the city?
Because this is where God's called us.
Our family was in a wall
and two and half years ago.
And a call was here many times I was
a
fool.
It's not about us.
It's about Jesus.
I want to be a part of that.
At least comes home.
Here's my last challenge.
We're going to go to
this type of invitation.
And if they it's going to little, a
little bit different, because typically
that's, whenever you do respond to you're
less depressed, but this time everybody
in the room has already given us Jesus.
If you gave your life to Jesus, I
want you to ask the Lord in this
time, or what is my next step?
How do I take a step out of the gate
to trust you for something more?
Because you know, the guy has a plain
frame and today my hope is, you know,
where you are either you're increasing.
And if you're in Christ,
you're living for cross.
And if you're not, you know where you are,
look at the matter, take the next step.
I'm here to help you come talk to me.
Wife's here to help you talk to her.
We want to be with you.
I'm going to pray for us and they're
going to see seem you get a time
to assessable with that these days.
So Lord Jesus, we thank you for today.
We thank you for this opportunity
to come and have a BBS celebration
and the Lord, I don't know.
You were here all week.
I saw you Lord in all the moments of
celebration, Lord, I saw you and the
kids faces when they laughed and they
giggled and they sang songs and they
danced and they entered Bible stories.
Lord, I was so encouraged
as I sat there as Mr.
Sparks professor sparks.
It's I get to sit there with little
kids, just raising their hand
and answering things about you.
Lord.
I'm so happy because I saw you.
But Lord, I saw you today because
I know, I know today that you were
present and you say where two or three
gathered in my name, you were present.
So you are amongst us.
You were present.
We prayed and were present
and was celebrated.
I got PI in my thirties.
Lord, you were there whenever
we opened your word and read it.
You were there.
We prayed every Christmas room.
To give their lives to you.
Would I pray that that there's one or two
that hasn't given the last and they prayed
that prayer Lord and they gave their
lives to you go to a credit thing, respond
both of them, but coming and talking to
me or someone else and letting us know.
So we can walk the side.
You haven't been here all day and
you're going to continue to be with us
as a church because we trust you is in
Jesus is the reason why we are here.
And the reason why we'll continue
to inspire hope in the city,
because we love this city.
What you're doing.
Minister the hearts here today as
they consider or what next step
they need to take Lord, please.
Minister to my heart.
Help me take that next step.
I want to lead well, or thank you.
The prisoner.